document meta (#138)
transloadit/uppy.io: docs/uppy-core.mdx

    inside of it, the `relativePath` meta field of the file will be
    `folder1/folder2/file`. However if drag-dropping or opening `file` directly,
    `relativePath` will be `null`.
  - **Remote file example:** Suppose we have a remote provider folder structure
    such as `/folder1/folder2/file`. Then, if the user checks the checkbox next
    to `folder1`, `file`’s `relativePath` will be `"folder1/folder2/file"`.
    However if the user first navigates into `folder1`, and only then checks the
    checkbox next to `folder2`, `relativePath` will be `"folder2/file"`.
- `file.meta.absolutePath`
  - The `absolutePath` meta field will only be set for remote files. Regardless
    of user selection, it will always be the path relative to the root of the
    provider’s list of files, as presented to the user. `absolutePath` always
    begins with a `/` and will always end with the file’s name. To clarify: The
    difference between `absolutePath` and `relativePath` is that `absolutePath`
    only exists for remote files, and always has the full path to the file,
    while `relativePath` is the file’s path _relative to the user’s selected

>     folder._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    folder_.
```

custom file metadata should be JSON-serializable. The following standard
metadata will be stored on all file objects, but plugins may add more metadata.

- `file.meta.name`
  - Same as `file.name`.
- `file.meta.type`
  - Same as `file.type`.
- `file.meta.relativePath`
  - For any local folder that was drag-dropped or opened in Uppy, the files
    inside the folder will have the `relativePath` metadata field set to their
    path, relative to the folder. `relativePath` begins with the folder’s name
    and ends with the file’s name. If opening or drag-dropping a file instead of
    a folder, `relativePath` will be `null`. The same behaviour exists for
    remote (provider) files, but the path will instead be relative to the user’s
    selection (checkboxes). No leading or trailing slashes.
  - **Local file example:** When drag-dropping a local folder `folder1` which
    has a folder inside of it named `folder2` which has a file named `file`
    inside of it, the `relativePath` meta field of the file will be
    `folder1/folder2/file`. However if drag-dropping or opening `file` directly,
    `relativePath` will be `null`.

>   - **Remote file example:** When checking the checkbox next to a remove

Reviewer 2: Small typo: "next to a remoTe".

I think we should rewrite it to:

> Suppose we have a remote provider folder structure such as `/folder1/folder2/file`.
> Then, if the user checks the checkbox next to `folder1`, `file`'s `relativePath` will be `folder1/folder2/file`.
> However if the user first navigates into `folder1`, and only then checks the checkbox next to `folder2`, `relativePath` will be `folder2/file`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Remote file example:** Suppose we have a remote provider folder structure such as `/folder1/folder2/file`.
    Then, if the user checks the checkbox next to `folder1`, `file`'s `relativePath` will be `"folder1/folder2/file"`.
    However if the user first navigates into `folder1`, and only then checks the checkbox next to `folder2`, `relativePath` will be `"folder2/file"`.
```

</details>

#### `file.meta`

`file.meta` is an Object containing standard as well as user-defined metadata
for each file.

<details>
  <summary>Standard metadata</summary>

The following standard metadata will be stored on all file objects.

##### `file.meta.name`

Same as `file.name`.

##### `file.meta.type`

Same as `file.type`.

##### `file.meta.relativePath`

For any local folder that was drag-dropped or opened in Uppy, the files inside
the folder will have the `relativePath` metadata field set to their path,

> relative to the folder. `relativePath` begins with the folder's name and ends

Author: I do mention in explicitly below, isn't that clear enough?

> relative to the folder. `relativePath` begins with the folder's name and ends

Author: IMO it's not given/implicit that the relative path of a folder that you selected also includes the folder's name. I think it's nice to explicitly state that so there's no doubts
